[Music]
address I'm saying a safe house in Paris
why would I need a safe house
embarrassed should things at some point
go terribly wrong it's good to have a
place to go you know for a cup of tea my
brother's my sisters the clock is
ticking fast my dream we who live before
love the moment has come to take our
rightful place
in a world where we Wizards for free
join me
or die The Wizarding of nine Wizarding
World have been at peace for over a
century
who in the world wants to see that piece
destroy you want me to hunt him down to
kill him
[Music]
Damodar why can't you go I cannot let
her get wrinkles off
it has to be here
you don't suffer from motion sickness
see I don't do well on boats he'll be
fine
Jenny why I admire unique
you do not seek power you simply ask is
the thing right
[Music]
the times coming
when you have to pick a side
[Music]
I don't do sight
are you gonna do
[Music]
I think you something
ught you never met a monster you
couldn't love let's take it
I think that might have been the best
moment of my life
you